from sunbathe action I'm along Sephora
sticks to the primetime part Ford stage
at Flushing Meadows we celebrate 47
years of the Oakland experience it
brought us out of our seats bringing the
world's best to their needs the decades
featuring ingenious
in Greece Greece
and grime
yes there was a buzz
in reflection my constant reminder of
how we use our champions we're and
and how television 2 has matured from
its spelling out infancy
nevertheless thanks to the pioneering of
by Collins and Jack Kramer in the survey
of the opens black and white beginnings
under the CBS watchful eye they open and
television have grown to provide great
theater
- Rican TV production fill the time
nightmare everyone ready for another
Connors fixed
part of the tennis test that invites
public announcement that the US Open
Championship will always be bigger than
those
so we celebrate the 47 years of the
United States seven years of the
previous yesterday's yesterday's that
become tomorrow and tomorrow's that can
become forever
thank you